docs: add guide for NG0302 (#40580)
angular/angular: aio/content/errors/NG0302.md

@name Pipe Not Found
@category runtime
@videoUrl https://www.youtube.com/embed/maI2u6Sxk9M

> @shortDescription Pipe not found!

Reviewer: OOC, why do some errors have exclamation points in the short descriptions?

Author: Exclamation points are in the errors where the message is a short sentence with an exclamation point to match for searching/discoverability (ex: "The pipe could not be found!") versus longer phased error messages (eg ExpressionChangedAfterChecked).

@description

> Angular can’t find a pipe with this name. The pipe referenced in the template has not been named or declared properly. [Pipes](guide/pipes) must be either declared or imported in the `NgModule` where it is used, and the name used in a template must match the name defined in the pipe decorator.

Reviewer: A couple of nits:
- Typo: `Pipes [...] where it is used` --> `A pipe [...] where it is used` (or `Pipes [...] where they are used`)?
- It is better to avoid "fancy" quotes (e.g. `’`), because they may render differently or incorrectly on some browsers.

```suggestion
Angular can't find a pipe with this name. The pipe referenced in the template has not been named or declared properly. A [pipe](guide/pipes) must be either declared or imported in the `NgModule` where it is used, and the name used in a template must match the name defined in the pipe decorator.
```

(BTW, it is easier for diffing/reviewing to have one sentence per line. This does not affect how the final HTML is rendered.)

Author: Good catch - TIL to break up each sentence on it's own line!

@name Pipe Not Found
@category runtime
@videoUrl https://www.youtube.com/embed/maI2u6Sxk9M
@shortDescription Pipe not found!

@description

> Angular can’t find a pipe with this name. The pipe referenced in the template has not been named or declared properly. [Pipes](guide/pipes) must be either declared or imported in the `NgModule` where it is used, and the name used in a template must match the name defined in the pipe decorator. Pipes must be named uniquely in the `NgModule`.

Reviewer 2: > Pipes must be named uniquely within an `NgModule`.

??

@debugging
Use the pipe name to trace the templates or modules where this pipe is declared and used.

To resolve this error, ensure that all pipes are properly:
- Imported in the `NgModule` OR

> - Uniquely named and declared in the module file, if using a custom pipe

Reviewer 2: These two bullets seem a bit vague. Strictly we want something like:

* A local custom pipe is uniquely named and declared in the `NgModule`, or
* A pipe from another NgModule has that `NgModule` added to the `imports` of the `NgModule`.
